updates for clarity and branches v testing nuances (#839)
elastic/package-storage: README.md

# Package Storage

> This is a storage repository for the packages served through the [package registry](https://github.com/elastic/package-registry) service.  See the package-registry repo for basic registry api usage and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a storage repository for the packages served through the [package registry](https://github.com/elastic/package-registry) service.  See the package-registry repo for basic registry API usage and examples.
```

> Package storage repo contains 3 branches with the packages for the different environments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `package-storage` repository contains 3 branches with the packages for the different environments:
```

* snapshot
* staging
* production

Here's how these branches relate to repositories and other aspects of packages.

|                         | Snapshot                    | Staging                    | Production                |
|-------------------      |-------------------------    |------------------------    |-----------------------    |

> | URL                     |  [epr-snapshot.elastic.co](https://epr-snapshot.elastic.co/search) | [epr-staging.elastic.co](https://epr-staging.elastic.co/search) | [epr.elastic.co](https://epr.elastic.co/search) |

Reviewer: Do we want to link to the `/search` endpoints or just the root endpoint (`/`)?

Author: I wanted /search to help as much as possible for folks to see some results.

> | How to Add package      | Commit to elastic/integrations* | PR with elastic-package tool | PR with elastic-package tool |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| How to add a package      | Commit to elastic/integrations* | [`elastic-package promote`](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-package#elastic-package-promote) | [`elastic-package promote`](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-package#elastic-package-promote) |
```

Reviewer 2: I would keep commit here. As `elastic/integrations` is just one place where packages can come from.

Reviewer: @ruflin in that case, should it be `commit` for `snapshot` but `PR` for `staging` and `production`? I don't think we want folks making direct commits to `staging`, right?

Reviewer 2: Good point. I would go further and say we it always PR. It is more a question if PR's are auto merged or not. Today also to snapshot it is a PR.

Author: so... what do we want here?  feel free to make a formal suggestion.  I accounted for 'integrations' not being the only place commits come from with the asterisk note.  It will be the most common, won't it?  Endpoint being the only current exception, right?  I'd like to keep the doc as helpful and detailed to the 99% of intended audience.  

let me know if you want my edit, or Shuanak's or something new.

Reviewer 2: To not block this PR, just take the suggestion from @ycombinator and we will do a follow up PR / discussion.

> | Allow Version overwrite?| yes**                        | if needed                  | no                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Allow version overwrite?| yes**                        | if needed                  | no                        |
```

> | Allow Version removal?  | yes                         | special exceptions only    | only version increments   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Allow version removal?  | yes                         | special exceptions only    | only version increments   |
```

| Stack Ver vs Storage Ver| [master branch](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/master/x-pack/plugins/fleet/server/services/epm/registry/registry_url.ts#L25) | none set to staging | all non-master branches*** |

> | Registry Version        | fixed dev or latest stable release | Stable release      | Stable release            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Registry Version        | Fixed dev or latest stable release | Stable release      | Stable release            |
```

| Branch                  | snapshot                    | staging                    | production                |
| Packages                | snapshot+staging+prod       | staging+production         | production                |
| Release                 | Manual                      | Manual                     | Manual                    |
| Docker image            | snapshot                    | staging                    | production                |

> * https://github.com/elastic/integrations is the development home of most Integrations source, tho not all, promotion process to storage repos is discussed below

Reviewer: I think you'll want to put the `*` in backticks or else it'll be rendered as a bullet.

```suggestion
`*` https://github.com/elastic/integrations is the development home of most packages, though not all. Promotion process to package storage repository is discussed below.
```

# Package promotion

> A package will usually go through different stages from snapshot to staging to production.  It is recommended to use the [elastic/elastic-package](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-package) repo to achieve package promotion, and it is the developer's burden to fulfill tests on snapshot stage and to coordinate any desired tests on staging prior to promoting to production storage.  Note that production is in use by all 7.10+ released versions of Elastic and testing should reflect this to avoid problems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A package will usually go through different stages from snapshot to staging to production.  It is recommended to use the [`elastic-package` tool](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-package) to achieve package promotion. It is the package developer's burden to fulfill tests on snapshot stage and to coordinate any desired tests on staging prior to promoting to production storage.  Note that production is in use by all 7.10+ released versions of Elastic and testing should reflect this to avoid problems. 
```

> So, briefly, to promote a package from one distribution to another, it must first be added to the new distribution and as soon as it is added, removed from the old distribution. As an example, a package `foo-1.2.3` is in `snapshot`. Now the content is copied over to `staging` and as soon as the package is merged, the package `foo-1.2.3` should be removed from `snapshot`. If the same package version exists in both branches, the first one is taken. In the above case this is `staging`.

Reviewer: Maybe link to a couple of PRs that show the add/remove tango?

Author: that is a good idea, i'd target a subsequent pr directly after this. :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, briefly, to promote a package from one distribution to another, it must first be added to the new distribution and as soon as it is added, removed from the old distribution. As an example, a package `foo-1.2.3` is in `snapshot`. Now the content is copied over to `staging` and as soon as the package is merged, the package `foo-1.2.3` should be removed from `snapshot`. For example see this PR [promoting the `system-0.10.0` package from `snapshot` to `staging`](https://github.com/elastic/package-storage/pull/824) and this corresponding PR [removing the `system-0.10.0` package from `snapshot`](https://github.com/elastic/package-storage/pull/825).

If the same package version exists in both branches, the first one is taken. In the above case this is `staging`.
```
